dun dun dun dunna lit up hi and welcome
to star wars news broadcasting wine from
digg ago and now exciting news darth
vader jumped out on tree tempting to
catch flu good fell in the swamp I give
share he was trying to catch bleep maybe
he's trying to get cap Darth Vader does
not have a cat hanging out or doesn't
matter anyway we got a new book in the
galaxy it's the sequel to The Strange
Case of origami yoda by Tom angle burger
and it's called Darth paper strikes back
we have 10 News correspondent to see
what they think about the book is drunk
paper horizontal Josh paper you got
really look at this looks your mind and
when they're on you can ask them about
the cat yeah well your brother's day oh
yes but anyway back to them dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun dun let me just
start out saying do not have cat so stop
there does not have a cat Naughty Dog's
what a pity sorry I am what and welcome
to a Monster eats my book report origami
yoda i'm i am duh I are they see us not
hurts my ears it does
you said I'm not a good singer well and
what did you think about the good look
dark paper I think start back what it
was uh-huh probably the starring you it
was not but starting tried to Tommy and
their piece violence which was what do
you mean it wasn't Stein wonderful me i
express my sink you must not you are a
wise old you're not a wild man actually
and anyway thank y'all maastricht my
book report is ma my pleasure to be here
i love that old man i find the book
report you must look below I even know
where to log in I don't know if she does
use a number one wall in the galaxy and
March yourself but still aren't they the
number will belong in the galaxy some
room wall they are goodbye